Holiday next week
Well, it's one of the leaders in the business world.
Now I am in a friendship with the big family and big business Ma's group
It's like a duck to water
Yes, now if it's big next week
I'm afraid it's hard for another aristocratic family to surpass the Fang family
Having said that
But there's another day.
If the legendary Temple of Wealth
Stirred up the situation next week
Then these aristocratic celebrities are all floating clouds
Oh look
That is the daughter of the Fang family, Fang Lin, right?
Miss Fang Lin
It really won't be the ultimate Lingyun next week
Really talented and beautiful
Tell me about it.
Miss Fang Lin is on her own
Doubled the entire wealth of the Fang family several times
Is it really the surname of the Fang family and our surname next week?
Dad, what a disgusting person Makudi is
It's not that you don't know
Why would I marry someone like that?
Do you know
How many people now place the status of our Fang family
Only with the Jin Emperor calculation marriage
Our family's status can be as stable as a rock
Just feel wronged.
In fact, I already have a crush
Don't fool me.
Where is your crush?
My crush is him
What brothers are also beggars